one of the readers was mohammed baghdadi, 32, a manager at the ministry of trade.
among the readers on hand was mohammed baghdadi, 32, a manager at the ministry of trade.
one of the readers was mohammed baghdadi, 32, who works for the department of trade.
they are tired and it shows in their voices, but they're still on the freedom highway.
piechocki is responsible for integrating, testing and executing all of the engineering requirements for ford's full-size suvs, ford expedition and lincoln navigator.
he estimates that about half his work in the last few years has been in asia and the middle east.
gary goddard is the founder of gary goddard entertainment.
gary goddard is the founder of gary goddard entertainment.
but they're still on the freedom highway.
but they're still on the freedom highway.
he felt happy.
he felt joy and happiness.
but they're still on the freedom highway.
that hasn't stopped his love of learning, and reading, especially histories of european royalty and world war ii.
richie loves learning, and reading.
that hasn't stopped his love of learning, and reading.
she also tests out vehicles in different places around the world.
these include sand, towing and rock-climbing evaluations in borrego, california, desert drills in dubai, and performance drives from mexico city at 7,500 feet to acapulco at sea level.
'' the icon rosa parks as mother of the civil rights movement -- as shy, genteel, working-class black woman -- it was the public persona she thought was important to maintain because of the tenor of the times she lived through, '' said adrienne cannon.
the nascar acceleration nation program focuses on the three d's of speed -- downforce, drafting and drag -- and includes instructional materials for teachers.
adrienne cannon is an expert on african-american history.
about 12 percent of the world's land is protected in national parks and wildlife preserves.
in comparison, just about 1 percent of the high seas is protected.
in contrast, just about 1 percent of the high seas is protected.
she kept her image as shy and proper, said adrienne cannon, an expert on african-american history.
the nascar acceleration nation project focuses on the laws of motion.
parks'image as a shy, proper black woman '' was the public persona she thought was important to maintain because of the tenor of the times she lived through, '' said adrienne cannon, an expert on african-american history working for the library of congress.
it '' enhances friendships among people, '' he said.
the nascar acceleration nation program focuses on the three d's of speed -- downforce, drafting and drag.
the nascar acceleration nation project focuses on the laws of motion, or what it calls the three d's of speed -- downforce, drafting and drag.
about 12 percent of the world's land is protected in national parks and wildlife preserves.
it could bring hundreds of jobs to the wind-swept desert communities in los angeles county's northern areas.
the united states is about to spend billions of dollars to build a top-secret warplane.
the united states is planning to spend billions of dollars to build a new bomber.
alabama governor robert bentley said he was disappointed that the courts had overturned the gay marriage ban.
he added that he would not take action against any judge who issued a license to same-sex couples.
now, kory helps trinity with her tumbling.
'' their parents were protecting them, not telling them the full story, '' albrecht said.
there's the international maritime organization for shipping ; for mining, the international seabed authority ; and, where they exist, regional fisheries management organizations for fishing.
for mining, there's the international seabed authority.
the international seabed authority is in charge of mining.
'' i help trinity with her tumbling, '' kory said.
piechocki travels between two offices.
one is in dearborn, michigan, the other in mexico city.
she commutes between two offices, one in dearborn, michigan, the other in mexico city.
now kory helps trinity with her flips.
'' their parents were protecting them, not telling them the full story, and then they're hit with all these barriers, '' albrecht said.
'' green skins '' are larger and have a lighter flavor than the '' hass '' variety, which is grown in california and colombia and dominates the u.s. market.
schools are picking up on it.
in the past, the education system had banned islamic headscarves in schools.
schools banned islamic headscarves.
chinese kite makers have much to worry about these days.
just until recently, the education system had banned islamic headscarves in schools.
his father owned the home when the lava flowed slowly to the coast.
until recently, it banned islamic headscarves in schools and made schoolchildren begin the day reciting an oath of allegiance to ataturk's legacy.
his father still lived there when the lava made its way to the coast.
he watched the lava as it devoured the house where he was born and raised and where his father still lived when the lava made its gradual way to the coast.
kite makers in china have a lot to worry about these days.
a week after his childhood home burned, he rolled his current house 2 miles up the road.
a spokesman for scripps said the competition sometimes has people who are blind.
richie will now move on to compete in the written semi-finals of the st. louis post-dispatch spelling bee.
a week after his childhood home burned, he rolled his current house two miles up the road.
schools are picking up on the program.
a week after his childhood home burned, he rolled his current house 2 miles up the road.
hauanio hired a crew with a trailer.
as winner of his school spelling bee, richie will now move on to compete in the written semi-finals of the st. louis post-dispatch spelling bee on march 7 with other school winners from across the region.
he watched it in 1991 as it devoured the house where he was born and raised and where his father still lived when the lava made its gradual way to the coast.
they proved to be a turning point in the struggle, as police turned tear gas, dogs and clubs on the unarmed protesters with a ferocity that shook even the occupants of the white house.
middle school was a rough couple of years for talmus'daughter, lili smith.
middle school was a rough couple of years for talmus'daughter, lili smith.
talmus'daughter, lili smith, had a rough time in middle school.
obama graduated from princeton university and harvard law school.
more than 300,000 students signed up to take part.
she graduated from princeton university and harvard law school.
the three selma marches in 1965 aimed to draw attention to the struggle for black voting rights and proved to be a turning point in the struggle, as police turned tear gas, dogs and clubs on the unarmed protesters, walking arm and arm across the edmund pettus bridge in selma, with a ferocity that shook even the occupants of the white house.
obama heads the reach higher initiative, an effort to boost the desire for post-secondary education in high schoolers.
he co-wrote the new report, '' a college degree is no guarantee. ''
police used tear gas, dogs and clubs on the protesters.
police turned tear gas, dogs and clubs on the protesters.
her daughter was never teased or bullied.
even african-americans who study science, technology, engineering and math have had a hard time finding work, said john schmitt.
he co-wrote the new report, '' a college degree is no guarantee. ''
the senior economist with the center for economic and policy research co-wrote the new report.
she is paying $ 75 an hour to have her son, vinnie, get extra training from a former pro basketball player.
more than 300,000 students across the country have signed up to take part.
by 1825, riley had money problems.
later in her life she received birthday cards from students all over the world.
she never had children, but later in her life received birthday cards from students all over the world, including a batch she kept from the prairie view intermediate school in texas sent in 2000.
later in her life she received birthday cards from students all over the world.
later in her life, rosa parks received birthday cards from students all over the world.
sherpas are local men who are paid to help tourists climb the mountain.
the farmhouse is being developed as a museum, and the site as a park that will have a visitors'center.
they plan to turn it into a visitors center and museum.
the farmhouse is being turned into a museum.
by 1825, riley was suffering business problems.
by 1825, riley was beset by business problems, and, his property at risk, he put henson in charge of escorting his slaves to his brother's kentucky plantation.
all of the people were sherpas, the local men who are paid to help tourists climb the mountain.
all 16 who died were sherpas, the catch-all term for local mountain guides, porters and camp staff.
it took months for the wounds to heal.
it took him months to recover.
washington park was designed by frederick law olmsted.
it took months to recover.
giovanna ingram is paying $ 75 an hour to have her son, vinnie, get extra training from a former pro basketball player.
giovanna ingram is paying $ 75 an hour to have her son, vinnie, get extra training from a former professional basketball player.
sometimes there is pressure from family and friends who expect them to be more quickly successful.
pops staples, leader of the chicago gospel group the staple singers, was touring when he saw media coverage of the event, and was horrified.
last year, ramirez earned a bachelor's degree in international relations and global studies.
pops staples, patriarch of the chicago gospel group the staple singers, was touring when he saw media coverage of the event, and was horrified.
they still were more likely than the scottish chimps to choose apples over other foods, according to the study.
up the street, the shabandar cafe was packed with people.
he saw media coverage of the event, and was horrified.
ministers across alabama reacted in different ways to the arrival of same-sex marriage in the state.
people across alabama reacted differently to the arrival of same-sex marriage in the state.
'' until you know how the sausage is made, you don't know how expensive it is to make that sausage, '' said josh updike of rethink leisure & amp ; entertainment.
they may face pressure from family and friends who expect them to be successful and help support the family.
there could be pressure from family and friends who expect them to do well.
he is the creative director of rethink leisure & amp ; entertainment, which is working on several projects in china and elsewhere in asia.
they sounded more like the scottish chimps, according to the study.
he is the creative director of rethink leisure & amp ; entertainment.
they still were more inclined than their scottish counterparts to choose apples over other foods, according to the study.
they sounded more like the scottish chimps.
people across alabama reacted differently to the introduction of same-sex marriage.
government workers were marching for better pay and benefits.
teachers there say richie reads like a high school student.
they proved to be a turning point in the struggle, as police turned tear gas, dogs and clubs on the unarmed protesters with a ferocity that shook even the occupants of the white house.
it imports more fruits and vegetables from mexico than any other u.s. company.
wal-mart also imports more fruits and vegetables from mexico than any other u.s. company.
wal-mart's involvement is important.
for years, wal-mart has had teams of inspectors overseeing its suppliers.
now at age 9, his teachers say richie reads at the level of a student in high school.
wal-mart also imports more fruits and vegetables from mexico than any other u.s. company.
richie will now move on to a bigger contest.
during his school day, richie uses braille to read homework, textbooks and other materials.
now at age 9, his teachers say richie reads at the level of a student in high school.
as winner of his school spelling bee, richie will now move on to compete in the written semi-finals of the st. louis post-dispatch spelling bee on march 7 with other school winners from across the region.
richie will now move on to compete in the written semi-finals of the st. louis post-dispatch spelling bee.
they proved to be a turning point in the struggle.
richie spelled the winning word '' magician. ''
wal-mart has long had teams of inspectors overseeing the farms it buys from.
teachers there say richie reads at the level of a student in high school.
the three selma marches in 1965 aimed to draw attention to the struggle for black voting rights and proved to be a turning point in the struggle, as police turned tear gas, dogs and clubs on the unarmed protesters, walking arm and arm across the edmund pettus bridge in selma, with a ferocity that shook even the occupants of the white house.
he heard the applause.
other protesters were passing out copies of their newspaper, freedom, and government workers were marching for better pay and benefits.
he heard the applause when he won.
they put kernels in an oven and slowly turned up the temperature.
they put kernels of microwaveable popcorn in an oven and cranked up the temperature 50 degrees at a time.
they put kernels of microwaveable popcorn in an oven and turned up the temperature slowly.
amy henrikson, of sherman, illinois, and joan walters, of springfield, are among seven volunteers who work in the office deciphering and transcribing handwritten letters and documents either written to or by lincoln.
they put kernels of microwaveable popcorn in an oven and cranked up the temperature in increments of 10 degrees c. only 34 percent of the kernels popped at 170 degrees c, but 96 percent popped at 180 degrees c -- regardless of the size of the kernel.
for years, wal-mart has had teams of inspectors watch over its suppliers.
last year, ramirez earned a bachelor's degree in international relations and global studies.
deborah edwards runs the positive coaching alliance in minnesota.
he later tried to buy his freedom.
but when he later tried to buy his freedom, he discovered that his owner had no plans to free him.
it was only when he later tried to buy his freedom, known as manumission, that he discovered that his owner, who had taken a partial payment, had no intention of freeing him.
deborah edwards runs the positive coaching alliance in minnesota.
some teams are for third-graders, or even for second-graders.
the final decision over building the plane is in the hands of the u.s. air force.
teams with third-graders -- even second-graders -- are popping up.
the air force is already spending billions of dollars to upgrade its current fleet of 150 bombers.
the u.s. air force says it needs a bomber that is so secret it can evade the most advanced enemy radar.
deborah edwards runs the positive coaching alliance in minnesota.
edwards still uses the science and math he learned in school.
kelly fair has a group called polished pebbles.
to do that, polished pebbles hosts a father-daughter dance on valentine's day in bronzeville.
it all means that in minnesota, youth basketball might be closing the gap.
fair has a mentoring group called polished pebbles.
with her mentoring group polished pebbles, kelly fair gives young black girls exposure to female professionals who can offer advice on how to reach their goals.
she has a group for young black girls called polished pebbles.
they can download the music and watch demonstrations online.
it hosts a father-daughter dance on valentine's day in chicago.
the air force is already spending billions of dollars to upgrade its current fleet of 150 bombers.
the air force says it needs a bomber that is so stealthy it can evade enemy radar.
han fuling is one who obeyed mao zedong's rules.
han fuling is one who obeyed mao zedong's orders.
sixth-graders jenna walden and avarry wilkerson ended up at a table by themselves.
he made kites that pictured workers instead of ancient mythic figures.
last year, ramirez earned a college degree.
he started making kites that pictured workers instead of ancient mythic figures.
in minnesota, youth hockey has long been a popular sport.
the air force is already spending billions of dollars to update its current fleet of 150 bombers.
han fuling is one who obeyed mao zedong's strict rules.
when they noticed that alexander scherer, a new student at school, was alone, they moved over to sit with him.
more and more boys and girls are registering to play basketball at younger ages : teams with third-graders -- and even second-graders -- are popping up.
han fuling is one who obeyed mao zedong's rules.
he made kites that pictured workers instead of ancient mythic figures.
now teams with third-graders -- and even second-graders -- are popping up.
but now youth basketball may be catching up.
minnesota has long had very competitive youth hockey.
they noticed that alexander scherer, a new student at school, was alone.
participation grew from 35 schools in 2014 to more than 700 this year.
most deep-sea fish in the high seas are caught by bottom trawling, which scrapes heavy nets across the seafloor.
most of the deep-sea fishing in the high seas is done by bottom trawling, in which heavy nets are scraped across the seafloor.
goddard said his team is designing projects in china that are sensitive to the local culture.
goddard said his designers are careful to respect the local culture.
looking for a piece of the action, u.s. theme park giants are investing heavily in asia.
looking for a piece of the action, united states theme park giants are investing heavily in asia.
goddard said his team is also designing projects in china that are sensitive to cultural demands.
the men were carrying supplies up the mountain through a long maze of tall glaciers and steep canyons.
they slowly hauled supplies up the peak, through a long maze of jagged glaciers and yawning crevasses.
the city had plans to build president bill clinton's library on the edge of downtown.
bottom trawling, which accounts for most of the deep-sea fishing in the high seas, works by scraping heavy nets across the seafloor.
united states theme park companies are spending a lot of money in asia.
it is a long maze of jagged glaciers and yawning crevasses.
laws in the northern states put escaped slaves at risk of being returned to their owners as property, so he would have to flee to canada.
in the north, fugitive slave laws put escaped slaves at risk in free states, where they could be captured and returned as property.
most of the deep-sea fishing is done by heavy nets, which are scraped across the seafloor.
it is a long maze of jagged glaciers and yawning crevasses.
northern states did not allow slavery, but escaped slaves were returned to their owners as property, so henson would have to flee to canada to be free.
whatever the reason, it's paying off for the local theme park industry.
it's paying off for the californian theme park industry.
northern states did not allow slavery.
he is an expert at painting detailed designs on kites.
when the popcorn is released, it moves like a gymnast somersaulting.
in beijing kite circles, fei is widely known as the elder statesman, a expert at intricately painted swallow kites, inspired by an 18th-century novelist and kite master, cao xueqin.
but they're still on the freedom highway.
they are tired and it shows in their voices, but they're still on the freedom highway.
'' i am the only woman on my team, '' baron said.
but they're still on the freedom highway.
but they're still on the freedom highway.
for him, one of the biggest teaching challenges was keeping students'attention.
he hopes that bringing race cars into science discussions will make people interested.
he hopes that bringing race cars into science class will make people interested in the subject.
'' i am the only woman on my team, '' she said.
there are many reasons for the difference between whites and blacks.
in just a year, the program has grown from 35 schools in 2014 to more than 700.
in just a year, participation grew from 35 schools in 2014 to more than 700.
the gap between whites and blacks has been made worse by many things.
middle school was a rough couple of years for talmus'daughter, lili smith.
middle school was a rough couple of years for talmus'daughter, lili smith.
many jobs require resumes and applications to be filled out online.
talmus'daughter, lili smith, had a rough time in middle school.
he is an expert at intricately painted swallow kites, inspired by an 18th-century novelist and kite master, cao xueqin.
pops staples led the well-known chicago gospel group the staple singers.
pops staples, leader of the chicago gospel group the staple singers, was touring when he saw media coverage of the event, and was horrified.
the popcorn moves like a gymnast doing a somersault.
they put kernels of microwaveable popcorn in an oven and cranked up the temperature in increments of 10 degrees c. only 34 percent of the kernels popped at 170 degrees c, but 96 percent popped at 180 degrees c -- regardless of the size of the kernel.
they put kernels of microwaveable popcorn in an oven and cranked up the temperature 50 degrees at a time.
the city had plans to build the clinton library in an old warehouse district on the edge of downtown.
after being compressed on the ground, the leg is released, causing the popcorn to somersault like a gymnast.
when the popcorn is released, it moves like a gymnast doing a somersault.
in beijing kite circles, fei is widely known as the elder statesman, a specialist in intricately painted swallow kites, inspired by an 18th-century novelist and kite master, cao xueqin.
pops staples led the well-known chicago gospel group the staples singers.
they put kernels of microwaveable popcorn in an oven and turned up the temperature slowly.
all this creativity was inspired by pain, struggle and bloodshed.
edwards said that with every lap, scientific information is involved.
he hopes that racing will get kids interested in science.
they put kernels in an oven and slowly turned up the temperature.
race car drivers must track the probability of crashing at different parts of the race, as well as the amount of fuel used by the engine at different speeds.
all this creativity was inspired by the pain, struggle and violence the protesters faced.
drivers must know how likely they are to crash at different parts of the race.
the city's plans to build the clinton library in an old warehouse district on the edge of downtown sparked a court battle that lasted nearly five years.
pops staples, patriarch of the chicago gospel group the staple singers, was touring when he saw media coverage of the event, and was horrified.
others agreed with the federal court ; they started marrying people in the morning.
air force officials say they need the bomber.
other judges agreed with the court's decision and started marrying same-sex couples in the morning.
other judges agreed with the u.s. supreme court's decision and started marrying same-sex couples in the morning.
other judges agreed with the u.s. supreme court's decision and started marrying same-sex couples in the morning.
other judges agreed with the court's decision and started marrying same-sex couples in the morning.
chicagoans got into a bitter fight over a plan to place it in a public park.
chicagoans had a bitter fight over a proposal to place it in a public park.
chicago -- president barack obama is expected to choose the site for his library in less than two months.
that has set off a bidding war for the painting, said vezzosi.
alessandro vezzosi runs a museum dedicated to leonardo in his hometown of vinci.
he directs a museum dedicated to leonardo da vinci in his hometown of vinci in italy.
others agreed with the court's decision and started marrying same-sex couples in the morning.
people in chicago were fighting over a plan to place it in a public park.
he runs a museum dedicated to leonardo da vinci in his hometown of vinci in italy.
others agreed with the federal court ; they started marrying people in the morning.
the air force says it needs a bomber that is so stealthy it can evade enemy radar.
the u.s. air force says it needs a bomber that is so secret it can evade the most advanced enemy radar.
others agreed with the court's decision and started marrying same-sex couples in the morning.
officials say they need the bomber, which would be so secret it couldn't be seen by the most advanced enemy radar.
the nascar acceleration nation program focuses on the three d's of speed -- downforce, drafting and drag -- and includes instructional materials for teachers.
they returned to kentucky, and henson realized he would have to escape to be free.
the nascar acceleration nation program focuses on the three d's of speed -- downforce, drafting and drag.
the nascar acceleration nation project focuses on the laws of motion, or what it calls the three d's of speed -- downforce, drafting and drag.
'' if texas is to remain the leader at creating jobs we must become the leader at educating our children, '' he said.
they returned to kentucky, where henson realized he would have to escape to gain his freedom.
afterward, a group of teens from the community banded together to bring change to their local schools.
the scientific name for popcorn is zea mays everta.
thousands marched in several turkish cities holding up banners calling for a secular and science-based education system.
the nascar acceleration nation project focuses on the laws of motion.
when the dance started, he moved his body from side to side, nodding to the music.
joe dunford, 36, floated from side to side, bouncing his shoulders and nodding to the music as his daughter did her own freestyle dance moves in front of him.
once the dance started, joe dunford, a dad, floated from side to side, bouncing his shoulders and nodding to the music.
he bounced his shoulders and nodded to the music as his daughter did her own freestyle moves in front of him.
the house and land belonged to isaac riley, henson's owner.
she oversees all budgets, planning, engineering, development and quality of the truck.
hundreds of pro-secular and alevi students and teachers boycotted school to protest the government's religious education stand.
pedretti is convinced the painting is old and is quite likely from da vinci's lifetime.
students from first grade through high school compete in up to five categories -- reading, speed, accuracy, comprehension and spelling -- as well as reading charts and graphs in braille.
alessandro vezzosi runs a museum dedicated to leonardo in his hometown of vinci.
those stories have created a bidding war and raised the value of the painting, said alessandro vezzosi.
that has set off a bidding war for the painting, said vezzosi.
but they're still on the freedom highway.
students from first grade through high school compete in up to five areas.
students from first grade through high school were there.
afterward, a group of teens from the community joined together to bring change to their local schools.
students from first grade through high school participate in reading, spelling and other areas.
afterward, a group of teens from the community came together to bring change to their local schools.
pedretti is convinced the painting is old and is quite likely from da vinci's lifetime, but some details were painted later.
but they're still on the freedom highway.
as chief engineer of the ram 1500 truck, she oversees all budgets, planning, engineering, development and quality.
when the son became ill, henson nursed him and they returned to kentucky, where henson realized he 'd have to escape to gain freedom.
pedretti is convinced the painting is old and quite likely from da vinci's lifetime, but some details were painted later.
in fairhope, the reverend jerry henry expressed disapproval.
most of them are found here on the southeast edge of the big island.
the main house was built between 1800 and 1815, when henson was there.
as chief engineer of the ram 1500, krear oversees all budgets, planning, engineering, development, quality and launch management of the truck.
the main house dates between 1800 and 1815, during henson's time there.
they returned to kentucky, where he realized he would have to escape to gain freedom.
most of them are to be found on the southeast edge of the big island.
there are many types, babb said -- '' ropy, wrinkled, billowy, slabby, sticky, glassy. ''
some details like a palm frond and wheel clearly added much later, adorning the noblewoman in symbols of st. catherine.
at the southern end of the state, in coastal fairhope, the reverend jerry henry expressed disapproval and pondered what the changes might mean for the church.
but they're still on the freedom highway.
at the southern end of the state, in coastal fairhope, the rev.jerry henry sat in a study lined with books such as biblia hebraica and analytical greek new testament, pondering what the changes might mean for the church.
the scientific name for popcorn is zea mays everta.
at the southern end of the state, in coastal fairhope, the reverend jerry henry expressed disapproval and worry.
the united states is about to spend billions of dollars to build a top-secret warplane.
however, there may be no need to close down the high seas to fishing.
if the agreement is successful, there may be no need to close down the high seas to fishing.
instead, ramirez worked a lot of jobs to earn extra money.
if the agreement is successful, there may be no need for closing down the high seas to fisheries.
digitalizing will physically preserve these tender papers and allow people to access them without leaving home, he said.
the song '' glory '' is in the oscar-nominated movie '' selma. ''
digitalizing physically preserves these fragile papers and allows people to see them, he said.
the state is expected to harvest somewhere between 1 million and 1.2 million bushels this year, or about 66 million pounds, according to the state's avocado committee.
the project preserves these fragile papers and allows people to see them, he said.
poor handwriting and rushed writing can make their job difficult.
if the agreement is successfully negotiated though, there may be no need for closing down the high seas to fisheries because some key areas would be set aside for marine protection, and areas outside the mpas would be subject to impact assessments, helping ensure this health is maintained in the long run.
the united states is planning to spend billions of dollars to build a new bomber.
they could not afford to pay their son's $ 10,000 tuition at the university of texas at austin, so manuel earned extra money as a server in restaurants, coloring hair at a spa, translating spanish, working in a rock quarry and building fences at a ranch.
12, a study from the university of british columbia -lrb- ubc -rrb- proposed that closing the high seas would not only have ecological and economic benefits but social benefits as well.
california is the biggest producer of avocados.
it is the only type of corn that pops.
instead, manuel earned extra money as a server in restaurants, coloring hair at a spa, translating spanish, working in a rock quarry and building fences at a ranch.
the stirring song, '' glory, '' is the musical centerpiece of the oscar-nominated movie '' selma. ''
earlier in february, a study from the university of british columbia -lrb- ubc -rrb- suggested this would have ecological, economic and social benefits.
it could bring hundreds of jobs to the wind-swept desert communities in los angeles county's northern areas.
the stirring '' glory '' is the musical centerpiece of the 2014 oscar-nominated movie '' selma. ''
poor handwriting and rushed writing can make their job difficult, henrikson said.
florida is the second-largest avocado-producing state behind california and is expected to harvest somewhere between 1 million and 1.2 million bushels this year, or about 66 million pounds, according to the state's avocado committee.
obama said that while times have changed, problems still remain.
as 10-year-old wesley pope bombed down a snow-packed hill one afternoon, his father russell smiled.
as his 10-year-old son, wesley, bombed down a snow-packed hill monday afternoon, russell pope smiled.
he put henson in charge of taking his slaves to his brother's farm in kentucky.
in the midst of the stirring '' glory, '' the musical centerpiece of the oscar-nominated movie '' selma, '' chicago rapper common delivers a terse summary of how words, melody and a protest merged during the civil-rights movement.
ten-year-old wesley pope jumped on a sled and bombed down a snow-packed hill.
by 1825, riley was beset by business problems, and, his property at risk, he put henson in charge of escorting his slaves to his brother's kentucky plantation.
ten-year-old wesley pope shot down a snow-packed hill on his sled.
he put henson in charge of taking his slaves to his brother's kentucky plantation.
in beijing during that time, a kite artist named fei baoling went through similar trials.
obama said that while times have changed, many children today still fail to reach their full potential.
in beijing during the cultural revolution, a kite artist named fei baoling went through similar challenges.
he noted that streets in israel are named after lincoln.
'' are there significant lincolns still out there to be found?
he noted that streets in israel are named after lincoln, who, according to the prime minister, had a desire to visit jerusalem.
there are no mobs with bricks and bottles to ward young black women away from higher education, obama said.
'' it's about time, '' shante wolfe, 21, said.
in beijing, a kite artist named fei baoling went through the same thing.
he noted that streets in israel are named after lincoln, who, according to the prime minister, had a desire to visit jerusalem that went unfulfilled.
she wrote a letter written by lincoln in february 1861 to the gentleman who was going to rent his springfield home for $ 350 a year.
unemployment is falling to its lowest level in years, but recent college graduates across the country are still struggling to find work.
he was going to rent lincoln's springfield home for $ 350 a year.
'' there is something that connects each of their stories, a common thread that animates their lives, and that is their hunger for and belief in the power of education, '' he said.
digitalizing will physically preserve these tender papers and allow people to access them without leaving home, he said.
lancaster mayor parris said the high-paying aerospace jobs could create many times that number in new positions throughout the antelope valley.
digitalizing physically preserves these fragile papers and allows people to see them, he said.
the project preserves these fragile papers and allows people to see them, he said.
mpas are the oceans'national parks.
the winner of the final bee will represent the st. louis area in the 2015 scripps national spelling bee.
lockheed martin and boeing saw a need for college-educated skilled workers.
what they all share in common is a '' hunger for and belief in the power of education. ''
a week after his childhood home burned, he rolled his current house two miles up the road.
a week after his childhood home burned, he rolled his current house 2 miles up the road.
lockheed martin and boeing saw a need for college-educated skilled workers.
omaha banned sledding at a popular hill as a test.
but, it allowed it again after residents ignored the ban.
omaha, nebraska, banned sledding at a popular hill as a test.
omaha banned sledding at a popular hill as a test.
the oral final bee will be march 14, and the champion there will represent the st. louis area in the 2015 scripps national spelling bee.
it asks students to do simple and fun ways to include others during lunchtime.
the program gives students easy ways to include others during lunchtime.
parris said the bomber could end up creating jobs throughout the area.
the winner there will represent the st. louis area in the 2015 scripps national spelling bee.
the winner of the final oral bee will represent the st. louis area in the 2015 scripps national spelling bee.
the program tries to reverse this by giving students simple and fun ways to include others during lunchtime.
parris said the bomber could create jobs throughout the area.
what they all share in common is '' their hunger for and belief in the power of education. ''
parris really wants the government to build the bomber.
the program hopes to stop this by giving students simple and fun ways to include others during lunchtime.
a week after his childhood home burned, he rolled his current house 2 miles up the road.
he then typed out the answers using the six keys on a braille notetaker.
they range in size and level of protection.
chicago -- the first female head of a major car company arrived in 2014.
he ends up being whipped to death for not revealing the location of escaped slaves.
'' it's increasingly true across the country, '' said steve murdock.
mayfield wrote and sang on a string of message-oriented records.
mayfield wrote and sang on a string of message-oriented impressions singles, including '' keep on pushing '' and '' people get ready. ''
mayfield wrote and sang on a string of message-oriented records, including '' keep on pushing '' and '' people get ready. ''
in stowe's book, uncle tom endures hard times.
'' flying a kite also elevates your mood, '' he said.
it's increasingly true across the country, '' said steve murdock, a sociology professor at rice university.
at least 10 people were arrested for organizing the school absences.
'' flying a kite also makes you happy, '' he said.
'' there are schools that have no labs, libraries or sports halls, '' he said.
schools have no labs, libraries or sports facilities, he said.
in 2014, mary barra became ceo of general motors.
at least 10 people were arrested for organizing the school absences.
it's increasingly true across the country -- we -lrb- whites -rrb- haven't been replacing ourselves, '' said steve murdock, a sociology professor at rice university.
he has been arguing for decades that texas and other states must do a better job of educating minorities, especially hispanics, or employers will go overseas to find skilled workers.
it gave steam to what the university considers to be its biggest rival, columbia university in new york.
some people said it might make columbia university in new york look like a better place for the library.
the dispute placed the university in a controversial light and gave steam to what the university of chicago considers to be its biggest rival, columbia university in new york.
then he draws a connection between the  50s civil-rights pioneer rosa parks and last year's protests in ferguson, missouri, over the police slaying of an unarmed african-american resident, michael brown :
then he draws a connection between the  50s civil rights pioneer rosa parks and last year's protests in ferguson, missouri, over the police slaying of an unarmed african-american resident, michael brown :
his parents brought him to the u.s. illegally when he was 8 years old.
meanwhile, two companies saw they needed college-educated workers to replace people who were retiring.
in beijing kite circles, fei is widely known as the elder statesman.
more jobs are being created for workers with college degrees.
in beijing kite circles, fei is widely known as a respected elder.
more jobs are being created for educated workers.
in beijing kite circles, fei is widely known as the elder statesman, a specialist in intricately painted swallow kites, inspired by an 18th-century novelist and kite master, cao xueqin.
states are beginning to highlight that gap as a serious problem in an economy that is creating more jobs for educated workers and fewer jobs for high school graduates.
at least 10 people were held in five turkish cities for organizing the boycott.
schools have no labs, libraries or sports facilities, he added.
but he said it is possible '' that underneath there are surprises, perhaps a drawing by leonardo. ''
media reports said at least 10 people were held in five turkish cities for organizing the boycott.
what he saw and experienced in the company of king made him angry.
vezzosi said he doesn't see leonardo's hand in the work.
they turned the heat up to 350 degrees celsius -lrb- 662 degrees fahrenheit -rrb- and placed a few kernels on the scorching surface.
they dialed it up to 350 degrees c and placed a few kernels on the scorching surface.
he said he was glad to see the peaceful city he was familiar with, instead of the baghdad of bombings and shootings.
she preferred the old, comfortable book market of years past.
what he saw and experienced in the company of king made him political.
for that reason and others, most researchers had assumed that referential calls were innate and rigid among nonhuman primates, and not flexible and socially learned as they are among homo sapiens.
she liked the old, comfortable book market of years past.
for that reason and others, most researchers had assumed that nonhuman primates were born knowing these calls, which never changed.
for that reason, most researchers thought that apes were born knowing these calls.
he said he was glad to see the peaceful city he has long known, instead of the baghdad of bombings and shootings.
he was shopping for science and science fiction books.
in stowe's book, uncle tom endures hardships and ends up being whipped to death for not revealing the location of escaped slaves.
he was glad to see the peaceful city he has long known, instead of the baghdad of bombings and shootings.
he said the picture does not look like da vinci's paintings.
vezzosi said he doesn't see leonardo's hand in the work.
also, just one woman is in charge of a major car company.
chicago -- mary barra is the first female head of a major car company.
he said the painting does not look like da vinci's work.
they turned the heat and placed a few kernels on the very hot surface.
they turned the heat up on a hot plate and placed a few kernels on the very hot surface.
vezzosi said he does not see leonardo de vinci's hand in the work.
as newsweek magazine said of the civil rights movement in 1964, '' history has never known a protest movement so rich in song. ''
during the 1960s, african-american '' freedom songs '' inspired protesters to march into harm's way.
during the  60s, african-american '' freedom songs '' inspired protesters to march into dangerous situations.
in its original form during the  60s, african-american '' freedom songs '' aimed to motivate protesters to march into harm's way and, on a broader scale, spread news of the struggle to a mainstream audience.
in its original form during the  60s, african-american '' freedom songs '' aimed to motivate protesters to march into harm's way.
then word came over the radio : a huge glacier had crashed down the mountain's west shoulder, burying 25 nepalese sherpa guides under columns of ice the size of small houses.
even african-americans who study science, technology, engineering and math have had a hard time finding work, said john schmitt.
scientists did not consider this to be real language, said study co-author simon townsend.
two months ago, the texas association of business rented a billboard in austin.
two months ago, the texas association of business rented a billboard.
president abraham lincoln met stowe in 1862.
two months ago, the texas association of business rented a sign.
president abraham lincoln said to stowe when he met her in 1862, '' so you're the little woman who wrote the book that started this great war! ''
two months ago, the texas association of business rented a billboard in austin -lrb- where the state university system is headquartered -rrb- to criticize low graduation rates at the university of texas at san antonio.
the senior economist with the center for economic and policy research co-wrote the new report.
it was more about being aware of other people's feelings, and encouraging students to reach out and start a conversation with someone they normally don't talk to, said reece black.
he co-wrote the new report, '' a college degree is no guarantee. ''
'' flying a kite also elevates your mood, '' he said.
'' flying a kite also makes you happy, '' he said.
han fuling has been making traditional kites in weifang for nearly all of his 82 years.
ancient architecture, crafts and music are being overwhelmed by china's growing population and its inability to effectively preserve traditions of the past.
at 82 years old, han fuling has been making traditional kites in weifang for nearly his whole life.
the slow downfall of kite making is part of a larger cultural saga in china : historic architecture, crafts and music are being overwhelmed by china's growth and its inability to effectively preserve traditions of the past.
'' i think what you did for african-americans is great, '' he said.
driver carl edwards was a substitute teacher in columbia, missouri, long before he became known for his back-flip off cars after winning races.
nascar wants to teach kids the science behind the racing.
he is known for his back-flip off cars after winning races.
'' dear mrs. parks, '' wrote a student named zack in texas.
'' dear mrs. parks, '' a student named zack wrote, '' i think what you did for african-americans is great.
nascar wants to help kids learn the science behind races like the daytona 500.
the slow downfall of kite making is part of a bigger story in china.
major fishing nations, including japan, south korea and taiwan, would lose hundreds of millions of dollars each year.
it would make it much easier to set up marine protected areas -lrb- mpas -rrb- in international waters.
albrecht said the college application process can be especially stressful for immigrant students.
it would make it much easier to set up marine protected areas -lrb- mpas -rrb- in the high seas.
the rules would also make it much easier to set up marine protected areas.
to prevent overfishing, the agreement would make it much easier to set up marine protected areas -lrb- mpas -rrb- in the high seas.
they would lose hundreds of millions of dollars each year.
albrecht said the college application process can be especially stressful for immigrant students.
there is the international maritime organization for shipping -lrb- imo -rrb-.
she said applying for college can be especially tough for immigrant students.
she said the college application process can be especially stressful for immigrant students.
there's the international maritime organization for shipping ; for mining, the international seabed authority ; and, where they exist, regional fisheries management organizations for fishing.
there's the international maritime organization for shipping.
he co-wrote the new report, '' a college degree is no guarantee. ''
to teach the science behind races like this past sunday's daytona 500, nascar announced that it will promote stem inside classrooms and out.
'' the engineering team asked for me specifically and i've been accepted very well, '' he said.
scientists didn't consider these calls true language, said study co-author simon townsend.
it also put hay bales around trees and pads around posts.
'' we don't call them semantic signals like in human language -- we call them functionally referential calls, '' said study co-author simon townsend.
archaeologists digging on the grounds have found objects from that time.
'' we don't call them semantic signals like in human language -- we call them functionally referential calls, '' said study co-author simon townsend.
archaeologists digging on the grounds have found objects from the 19th century, such as flatirons and milk bottles.
it also stationed sentries at the hill and put hay bales around trees and pads around posts.
after a mostly snowless winter, the overland park, kansas, man enjoyed finally getting to sled with his children on the presidents day holiday.
they have been together seven years and have five children between them.
instead, the city posted warning signs, stationed sentries at the hill and put hay bales around trees and pads around posts.
he supervised the farm in north bethesda, which grew wheat, corn, apples and tobacco.
he supervised the north bethesda farm, which grew wheat, corn and tobacco, as well as apples, and he sold the produce at markets.
on friday, nascar announced a commitment to promote '' stem '' -- the buzzword for science, technology, engineering and math -- inside classrooms and out.
as newsweek magazine said in 1964, '' history has never known a protest movement so rich in song. ''
it was more about being aware of other people's feelings, said reece black.
research has shown that primates use different calls for things or events.
they are role models for young women interested in a job in the car industry.
research has shown that primates can make unique calls for things or events.
research has shown that primates can produce unique calls for things or events in their environment, such as the arrival of a predator or discovery of high-quality food.
research has shown that primates can make unique calls for things or events in their environment.
the day was more about being aware of other people's feelings, and encouraging students to reach out and start a conversation with someone they normally don't talk to, said reece black.
they are also serving as role models for the next generation of young women interested in automotive science and technology.
the following three women engineers are making their mark on today's cars.
the idea was to get kids to be more aware of other people's feelings, said reece black.
they are preparing the groundwork for the next generation of young women interested in automotive science and technology.
archaeologists digging at the site found items from the 19th century, including a flatiron and milk bottle.
an archaeological dig at the site has unearthed 19th-century artifacts, as well, including a flatiron and milk bottle.
as newsweek said in 1964, '' history has never known a protest movement so rich in song. ''
after a mostly snowless winter, the overland park, kansas, man enjoyed finally getting to go sledding with his children.
he said he was glad to see the peaceful city he has long known, instead of the baghdad of bombings and shootings.
he heard the applause when he won.
his children, however, were not and they begged him to move the building to secure ground, the way community members had relocated the nearby star of the sea catholic church months earlier.
'' until you know how the sausage is made, you don't know how expensive it is to make that sausage, '' said josh updike of rethink leisure & amp ; entertainment.
he heard the applause.
he is the creative director of rethink leisure & amp ; entertainment, which is working on several projects in china and elsewhere in asia.
he was glad to see the peaceful city he has long known, instead of the baghdad of bombings and shootings.
a spokesman for scripps said the competition sometimes has people who are blind.
a spokesman for scripps said the competition sometimes has people who are blind.
the $ 4 billion shanghai disney resort is expected to open late this year with two hotels and a downtown disney shopping center.
the $ 4 billion shanghai disney resort is expected to open late this year.
they begged him to move the house to a safer area.
the weekly book market was destroyed by a car bombing seven years ago.
mutanabbi street has long been a place where protests are held.
she teaches arabic at the college of education for women at the university of baghdad.
she teaches arabic at the college of education for women in the university of baghdad.
he was glad to see the peaceful city he and long known instead of a baghdad filled with bombings and shootings.
he said he was glad to see the peaceful city he was familiar with, instead of the baghdad of bombings and shootings.
the weekly book market was destroyed by a car bombing seven years ago.
government workers were marching for better pay and benefits.
other protesters were passing out copies of their newspaper, freedom.
other protesters were passing out copies of their newspaper, freedom, and government workers were marching for better pay and benefits.
mutanabbi street has always been a hotbed of protest.
mutanabbi street has always been a hotbed of dissent.
but then he heard the radio : a huge glacier had crashed down the mountain.
they begged him to move the building to secure ground, the way parishioners had moved the nearby star of the sea catholic church months earlier.
the city's plans to build the clinton library in an old warehouse district on the edge of downtown sparked a court battle that lasted nearly five years.
the university of chicago's plan to use parkland made it just the latest in a long and complicated history of land fights involving presidential libraries, hufbauer said.
it's just the latest in a long and complicated history of land fights involving presidential libraries, hufbauer said.
the city had plans to build the clinton library in an old warehouse district on the edge of downtown.
some growers with good reputations on labor issues say wal-mart works with producers with the lowest prices, regardless of labor conditions.
some growers with good reputations on labor issues say wal-mart works with producers with the lowest prices.
the university of chicago's plan to use parkland was the latest in a long and complicated history of land fights involving presidential libraries, hufbauer said.
his children begged him to move the building to a safe area.
in 2014, it sold 1.3 billion pounds of avocados to the u.s. california was the next largest, selling 282 million pounds.
in 2014, mexico supplied 1.3 billion pounds of avocados to the united states, followed by california with 282 million pounds.
then an announcement came over the radio : a huge glacier had crashed down the mountain, burying 25 nepalese sherpa guides under sheets of ice the size of houses.
the city had plans to build president bill clinton's library on the edge of downtown.
in 2014, mexico supplied 1.3 billion pounds of avocados to the united states.
dawn piechocki is an engineer at ford motor company.
he connects parks with last year's protests in ferguson, missouri.
for example, there's a letter of sympathy from queen victoria to mary todd lincoln on april 29, 1865, offering condolences over '' so terrible a calamity, '' and one that benjamin netanyahu, prime minister of israel, wrote to the museum in october, in which he said how he drew strength from lincoln.
for example, there's a letter of sympathy from queen victoria to mary todd lincoln on april 29, 1865, calling his assassination '' so terrible a calamity. ''
it criticized low graduation rates at the university of texas at san antonio.
'' i also speak to younger women who are interested in science and math, '' she said.
the queen called his death '' so terrible a calamity. ''
she also speaks to younger women who are interested in science and math.
as a child he was sold to riley in 1795, a move that reunited him with his mother.
but she accepted that change is necessary in baghdad.
but she accepted that in baghdad, change was hard to avoid.
for years, wal-mart has had teams of inspectors overseeing its suppliers.
she understood, however, that in baghdad, change was hard to avoid.
today, kapalana is lovely in its own way, said hauaino, who still lives in the house he rescued from the flood 25 years ago.
today, kapalana is lovely in its own way, hauaino said.
by 2013, it became clear that the grunts that the dutch chimps associated with apples had come down in frequency.
the inspectors talk about how wal-mart wants farm workers to be treated.
today, kapalana is lovely in its own way, said hauaino, who still lives in the house he rescued from the river a quarter of a century ago.
inspectors visit farms and give talks on how to follow wal-mart rules.
she understood, however, that in baghdad change was not only hard to avoid, it was necessary.
he was blind when he was 6 months old.
by 2013, it became clear that the grunts the dutch chimps associated with apples had come down in pitch.
two middle-aged brothers slid down a hill holding signs.
their inspectors visit farms and hold seminars on how to follow wal-mart rules.
when he was 6 months old, his parents learned he was blind.
one of them read '' don't tread on my sled! ''
by 2013, it became clear that the grunts the dutch chimps made for apples had come down in pitch.
for example, two adult brothers slid down a hill holding signs.
he connects parks with last year's protests in ferguson, missouri, over the police slaying of an unarmed african-american resident, michael brown.
they also want it to one day be flown as a drone.
car bombs still explode in baghdad, the capital city of iraq.
he said that about half his work in the last few years has been in asia and the middle east.
he estimates that about half his work in the last few years has been in asia and the middle east.
'' their parents were protecting them, not telling them the full story, '' albrecht said.
'' their parents were protecting them, not telling them the full story, and then they're hit with all these barriers, '' albrecht said.
at age 7, he built his first kite and saw it waft into the air.
in the united states and europe, theme parks rely heavily on movies and books.
in china, the parks draw on themes and stories from chinese history or fairy tales, while parks in the united states and europe rely heavily on movies and books.
parks in the united states and europe get their themes from movies and books.
parks in the united states and europe use themes from movies and books.
teachers say turkey is going back to its old ways.
deborah edwards runs the positive coaching alliance in minnesota.
she said she shakes her head over what is happening.
much of the nets'catch, called its bycatch, is thrown back dead.
much of the fish and sea life caught up in the nets are thrown back dead.
in rural college station, texas, residents fought texas a & amp ; m university over plans to move a pig farm to make way for the george h.w.bush presidential library.
deborah edwards runs the positive coaching alliance in minnesota.
much of the trawl's catch, its bycatch, is thrown back into the ocean dead.
giovanna ingram is paying $ 75 an hour to have her son, vinnie, get extra training from a former professional basketball player.
most of the catch, or bycatch, is thrown back dead.
she is paying $ 75 an hour to have her son, vinnie, get extra training from a former pro basketball player.
giovanna ingram is paying $ 75 an hour to have her son, vinnie, get extra training from a former pro basketball player.
by 2013, it became clear that the grunts the dutch chimps made for apples had changed.
education experts say turkey is going back to its roots.
president erdogan supports adding ottoman language classes at high schools.
officials said they want to fly it with remote controls as a drone.
henson, who lived to age 93, was born in southern maryland, and as a child was sold to riley in 1795, which reunited him with his mother.
they also want it to one day be able to fly on the ground as a drone.
they also want it to one day be able to fly as a drone.
the maryland county where the house sits bought it in 2006 for $ 1 million.
those perusing said that in a city and country still on edge -- where militias lurk, car bombs explode and the threat of islamic state fighters is ever present -- the book market is a welcome break.
the county in maryland where the house was built bought the house for $ 1 million.
car bombs still explode in baghdad.
car bombs still explode, armed gangs still lurk, and the threat of islamic state extremists is ever present.
government-allied educators say turkey is returning to its old ways of life.
a few steps from the statue, dozens of people stood in line to enter the yard of an arts center.
a few steps from the statue, dozens of people lined up to enter the open-air courtyard of a cultural center where writers gather every week to share their work.
one proposal that got strong support from erdogan was the introduction of mandatory ottoman language classes at high schools, although the recommendation was later limited to religious schools.
president erdogan is strongly backing a proposal to add required ottoman language classes at high schools.
president erdogan supports adding required ottoman language classes at high schools.
a few steps from the statue, dozens of people stood in line to enter the open-air yard of an arts center.
montgomery county, the maryland county in suburban washington where the house sits, bought the private residence in 2006 for $ 1 million.
bailey and his daughter turned the dance into a special day.
bailey and his daughter, taniya, turned the dance into a special day.
a few steps from the statue, dozens lined up to enter the open-air courtyard of a cultural center where writers gather weekly to share their work.
bailey and his daughter made a day of the event.
henson was born in southern maryland.
piechocki is responsible for integrating, testing and executing all of the engineering requirements for ford's full-size suvs, ford expedition and lincoln navigator.
there is a thin layer, or hull, that covers the seed.
black graduates were more than twice as likely to be jobless as whites.
at the other end of the state, in huntsville, baptist minister ellin jimmerson had presided over two weddings by lunchtime.
in huntsville, baptist minister ellin jimmerson had conducted two weddings by lunchtime.
in it, rapper common tells how words, music and a protest came together during the civil rights movement.
the billboard criticized low graduation rates at the university of texas at san antonio.
two months ago, the texas association of business rented a billboard in austin -lrb- where the state university system is headquartered -rrb- to criticize low graduation rates at the university of texas at san antonio.
but many probate judges said they would not give same-sex marriage licenses.
'' employers give in to their racial bias and they are more likely to offer a job to a white candidate than a black candidate, '' schmitt said.
in the middle of it, rapper common talks about how words, melody and a protest merged during the civil rights movement.
in fact, he said, he is rarely called back for an interview.
she remembers a letter written to lincoln by a louisiana teacher who begged the president for a job up north.
in the midst of the stirring '' glory, '' the musical centerpiece of the oscar-nominated movie '' selma, '' chicago rapper common delivers a terse summary of how words, melody and a protest merged during the civil-rights movement.
in fact, he said, he has rarely been called back for an interview.
then he draws a connection between the  50s civil rights pioneer rosa parks and last year's protests in ferguson, missouri, over the police slaying of an unarmed african-american resident, michael brown :
in the middle of it, rapper common summarizes how words, melody and a protest merged during the civil-rights movement.
then he draws a connection between the  50s civil-rights pioneer rosa parks and last year's protests in ferguson, missouri, over the police slaying of an unarmed african-american resident, michael brown :
she remembers reading a letter written to lincoln by a louisiana teacher who was begging the president for a job up north.
she spoke about a letter written to lincoln by a louisiana teacher.
however, many probate judges said they would not give same-sex marriage licenses.
in fact, he said, he's rarely been called back for an interview.
the starch cools as soon as it bursts, solidifying into a spongy white flake of popcorn.
the thin layer, or hull, that surrounds the seed is also thicker.
employers are more likely to offer a job to a white person than a black person, schmitt said.
it turns into a spongy white flake of popcorn.
employers are more likely to offer a job to a white person than a black person, schmitt said.
'' employers give in to their racial bias and they are more likely to offer a job to a white candidate than a black candidate, '' schmitt said.
the man believed he was the only republican in the state and feared for his family after speaking out against secession.
it criticized low graduation rates at the university of texas at san antonio.
however, many judges said they would not give same-sex marriage licenses.
the man believed he was the only republican in the state and feared for his family after speaking out against the southern states seceding from the nation.
there is a thin layer that covers the seed.
its pericarp -- the hull that surrounds the seed -- is a little thicker.
the teacher feared for his family's safety because he spoke out against the southern states separating from the united states.
henrikson was touched by a letter written to lincoln by a louisiana teacher.
high-end expeditions offer sushi, espresso, fully stocked bars and internet cafes on the mountain.
they are also being paid less than white workers with the same experience.
high-end expeditions offer sushi, espresso, fully stocked bars and internet cafes as far up as 21,000 feet -- all requiring more equipment and more sherpas to carry it.
they are more likely to be in a job that does not require a college degree.
instead, they wanted to know more about what causes popcorn to act and taste like it does.
even blacks who have studied science, technology, engineering and math had a hard time finding work, said john schmitt.
the following three women engineers are making their mark on today's cars.
they are preparing the groundwork for the next generation of young women interested in automotive science and technology.
she is involved in the design and engineering of the chassis, the vehicle's frame.
she is the author of the report '' women in vehicle engineering. ''
even african-americans who studied science, technology, engineering and math have had a hard time finding work, said john schmitt.
there are three women car engineers who are making a difference in the car world.
the blood of dozens of african-americans was spilled in the first of three attempted voting rights marches to the alabama capital of montgomery from selma 50 years ago, on march 7, 1965.
three women car engineers are making a difference in the car world.
instead, they wanted to understand the physical origins of some of the most famous traits about the food, like what makes it jump and where that pop-pop-pop sound comes from.
they simply wanted to understand the physical origins of some of its most distinctive traits, like the forces that make kernels jump and the source of the iconic pop-pop-pop sound.
it was only when he later tried to buy his freedom, known as manumission, that he discovered that his owner, who had taken a partial payment, had no intention of freeing him.
'' i had been pushed around all my life and felt at this moment that i couldn't take it any more, '' she wrote.
it is expected to harvest somewhere between 1 million and 1.2 million bushels this year, or about 66 million pounds, according to the state's avocado committee.
florida is the second-largest avocado-producing state behind california and is expected to harvest somewhere between 1 million and 1.2 million bushels this year, or about 66 million pounds, according to the state's avocado committee.
pops bore witness until his last days, as his final recording attests.
but at the same time, it banned tattoos and dyed hair in schools.
todd harrison is an analyst at the center for strategic and budgetary assessments.
he estimated that the new stealth bomber program would cost $ 90 billion -- or about $ 900 million for each plane.
he estimated in september that the stealth bomber program would ultimately cost $ 90 billion -- or about $ 900 million for each plane.
he thinks the new stealth bomber program would cost $ 90 billion.
the congressional budget office has repeatedly pointed to the new bomber as a program that could be cut.
but at the same time, the schools have banned tattoos, body piercings and dyed hair.
but he discovered that his owner had no plans to free him.
pops continued writing and singing about the movement until his last days.
pops continued writing and singing about the movement until his last days.
but it has at the same time banned tattoos, body piercing and dyed hair in schools.
outside, old men sold sesame-covered pretzels called smeed.
the warplane would eventually be able to carry nuclear weapons.
air force officials have said the warplane would eventually carry nuclear weapons.
but when he later tried to buy his freedom, he discovered that his owner had no plans to free him.
outside, old men sold smeed, pretzels covered with sesame seeds, and young men squeezed fresh fruit juices.
outside the cafe, old men sold smeed, a kind of bread baked in the shape of a knot and sprinkled with sesame seeds.
'' she held onto them until the end of her life, the most personal of the personal, because she wanted us to know the true rosa parks, '' cannon said.
'' i had been pushed around all my life and felt at this moment that i couldn't take it any more, '' she wrote on yellow paper.
and fewer than 1 in 5 engineers in the auto industry are women, says lindsay brooke, author of the report '' women in vehicle engineering. ''
yet these days, han is doubtful that any of his four children will carry on his work.
but these days, han doubts that any of his four children will keep making kites.
yet these days, han doubts that any of his four children will carry on his kite making.
outside the cafe, old men sold smeed, a kind of bread baked in the shape of a knot and covered with sesame seeds.
a government office has repeatedly said the new bomber is not necessary.
he likes the late iraqi author ali wardi and american writer dan brown.
in china, the parks draw on themes and stories from chinese history or fairy tales.
in china, the parks draw on stories from chinese history or fairy tales.
the government has repeatedly said the new bomber program could be cut.
in china, the parks draw on themes and stories from chinese history or fairy tales, while parks in the united states and europe rely heavily on movies and books.
baghdadi said he favors the late iraqi author ali wardi and american thriller writer dan brown.
he said he favors writers like the late iraqi sociologist ali wardi and american thriller writer dan brown.
even more interesting is that fewer than 1 in 5 engineers in the auto industry are women, according to lindsay brooke, author of the report '' women in vehicle engineering, '' recently published in sae's international automotive engineering magazine.
and fewer than 20 percent of engineers are women, says lindsay brooke.
and fewer than 1 in 5 engineers in the auto industry are women, says lindsay brooke, author of the report '' women in vehicle engineering. ''
winfield was a standout student at colby-sawyer college.
high-end expeditions offer sushi, espresso, fully stocked bars and makeshift internet cafes as far up as 21,000 feet -- all requiring more equipment and sherpas.
according to university of chicago officials, the library building would take up 3 to 5 acres of the parkland, with the rest being preserved as open space.
many african-american protesters were hurt in a voting rights march to the alabama capital of montgomery from selma 50 years ago.
he ends up being whipped to death for not revealing the location of escaped slaves.
he is whipped to death for not telling the location of escaped slaves.
it imports more fruits and vegetables from mexico than any other u.s. company.
the company imports more fruits and vegetables from mexico than any other u.s. company.
wal-mart also imports more fruits and vegetables from mexico than any other u.s. company.
wal-mart also imports more fruits and vegetables from mexico than any other u.s. company.
the library building in chicago would take up 3 to 5 acres of parkland.
at colby-sawyer college, winfield was a top student who created the school's first gospel choir.
the state is expected to harvest somewhere between 1 million and 1.2 million bushels this year, or about 66 million pounds, according to the state's avocado committee.
more and more boys and girls are registering to play basketball at younger ages : teams with third-graders -- and even second-graders -- are popping up.
now teams with third-graders -- and even second-graders -- are popping up.
'' if texas is going to be competitive, it has to produce great minds and give them a job, '' he said.
the struggle they joined in earnest during the  60s shows no sign of abating.
in stowe's book, uncle tom endures hardships and ends up being whipped to death for not revealing the location of escaped slaves.
more and more boys and girls are signing up to play basketball at younger ages.
one of them is sun he, a 36-year-old auto mechanic, who began studying with fei in 2003 with a goal, he said, of producing swallow kites with the same accuracy and designs as his master.
he wants to make swallow kites with the same precision and designs as his master.
one of them is sun he, a 36-year-old auto mechanic.
the blood of dozens of african-americans was spilled in the first of three attempted voting rights marches to the alabama capital of montgomery from selma 50 years ago.
according to university of chicago officials, the library building would take up 3 to 5 acres of the parkland.
the lava that covers the beach here is an outdoor pahoehoe exhibit worthy of a natural history museum.
lawmakers mainly want to know what their state will get out of the deal.
and as the teams led by giant weapons companies northrop grumman and boeing company try to win the support of lawmakers, the lawmakers want to know what their state will get out of the deal.
they also want cars designed for their smaller body size, schaffels said.
and as the teams led by weapons giants northrop grumman and boeing co. privately lobby lawmakers for their support, the legislators want to know what their state will get out of the deal.
women want better storage, nicer lighting and materials, and cars designed for their smaller body size, she said.
'' -lrb- women -rrb- want better storage options, nicer interior lighting and materials, and ergonomics that better suit their smaller body size. ''
women want better storage, nicer lighting and materials, and cars designed for their smaller body size, she said.
it is expected to harvest about 66 million pounds of avocados this year.
some expeditions offer sushi, coffee and internet cafes on the mountain.
the researchers recorded each group's food grunts for three years.
'' that was a very deliberate move to make the number 8, because that is considered a lucky number over there, '' he said.
the researchers recorded each group's food grunts over the course of three years.
recently, richie and his class were matching nouns with verbs.
recently, richie and his class were matching subjects with verbs.
on a recent school day, richie and his class were matching subjects with verbs.
on a recent school day, richie and his class were matching subjects with verbs that agree.
even more interesting is that fewer than 1 in 5 engineers in the auto industry are women, according to lindsay brooke, author of the report '' women in vehicle engineering, '' recently published in sae's international automotive engineering magazine.
virot and ponomarenko used high-speed cameras to capture kernels popping on a hot plate.
ten years ago, the minnesota youth athletic services -lrb- myas -rrb- began hosting a state tournament for boys'fourth-grade traveling teams.
to see this in detail, virot and ponomarenko trained the high-speed camera on a hot plate.
'' don't lose this '' -lrb- anti- -rrb- was recorded with his children in the years before his death in 2000.
as preachers and ministers such as martin luther king articulated the movement's goals, artists such as curtis mayfield, sam cooke and the staple singers crafted a musical counterpoint rooted in gospel but speaking the language of popular culture.
meanwhile, artists such as curtis mayfield, sam cooke and the staple singers crafted a music rooted in gospel but speaking the language of popular culture.
and closing the high seas would cause an increase in the amount of fishes caught each year.
a drawing in the louvre of isabella d  este shows leonardo's association with the portrait's subject.
back in early fall, 44 fourth-graders tried out and 15 were cut.
virot and ponomarenko used high-speed cameras to capture this process very closely.
back in the fall, 44 fourth-graders tried out.
scientists found that closing the high seas would actually increase the number of fish caught each year.
and in a move that is not unusual in youth sports, edina paid outside experts to look at the 44 fourth-graders who tried out in the early fall.
back in the fall, 44 fourth-graders tried out and 15 were cut.
a drawing of isabella d  este by leonardo da vinci that hangs in the louvre shows the painter associated with her.
a drawing of isabella d  este by leonardo da vinci hangs in the louvre museum in paris.
artists such as curtis mayfield, sam cooke and the staple singers crafted a music rooted in gospel but speaking the language of popular culture.
ten years ago, the minnesota youth athletic services -lrb- myas -rrb- began hosting a state tournament for boys'fourth-grade traveling teams.
the school offered her an astronomy class after he spoke to the media about her case.
'' you're talking about a $ 2 billion airplane by the time they build it, '' said thomas christie.
another parent, mike munson, regularly sat on the bench during games with an electronic tablet.
american companies charge $ 500,000 to $ 7 million apiece just to design the amusement parks.
another parent, mike munson, sits on the bench with an electronic tablet and uses an app to track and analyze the team's shots.
many immigrants find out for the first time that they were not brought to the country legally.
american design firms can make $ 500,000 to $ 7 million to plan an amusement park.
'' they've indicated that they can't talk about this, '' palmdale mayor james ledford said.
american companies earn $ 500,000 to $ 7 million to design a theme park in china.
neither one can talk about it, said palmdale mayor james ledford.
palmdale mayor james ledford said the military can not talk about the contract.
the minnesota youth athletic services -lrb- myas -rrb- began hosting a state tournament for boys'fourth-grade traveling teams 10 years ago.
another parent, mike munson, sits on the bench with a tablet and uses an app to track and analyze the team's shots.
he could not believe that not one of the 900 students had asked for math or english.
more detailed construction plans cost up to $ 15 million, experts estimate.
he worked as a top analyst inside the department of defense for more than 30 years before retiring.
'' you're talking about a $ 2 billion airplane by the time they build it, '' said thomas christie.
he said the school eventually offered his daughter an elective astronomy class after he spoke to the media about her case.
they used high-tech cameras to watch the popping kernels.
he worked as a top analyst at the government's department of defense for more than 30 years.
out of 900 students, no one asked for math or english as an elective class, guvener said.
he could not believe that, out of 900 students, no one asked for math or english.
he could not believe that, out of 900 students, not one asked for an elective in math or english.
'' don't lose this '' was recorded with his children in the years before his death in 2000.
artists who performed the music included chicago's curtis mayfield, sam cooke and the staple singers.
sometimes he will pick up substitute teaching jobs, which pay him about $ 125 a day.
for many of them, it is when they find out for the first time that they're illegal immigrants.
it enables real-time product evaluations on engineering, aesthetic design, ergonomics and manufacturing, all before the physical builds take place.
stowell and his staff think that even documents about lincoln's death will help people understand him better.
sometimes he picks up substitute teaching jobs, which pay him about $ 125 a day.
'' don't lose this, '' released this week, was recorded with his children in the years before his death in 2000.
it enables real-time product evaluations on engineering, design, comfort and manufacturing, all before the vehicle is built.
it lets engineers figure out how a car works before it is even built.
to teach the science behind races like this past sunday's daytona 500, nascar announced that it will promote stem inside classrooms and out.
it lets engineers look at the engineering, design and manufacturing, all before the car is even built.
on friday, nascar announced a commitment to promote '' stem '' -- the buzzword for science, technology, engineering and math -- inside classrooms and out.
for young african-americans with a four-year degree, the job search has been especially tough.
nascar wants to help kids learn the science behind races like the daytona 500.
in 2013, its staff said that delaying the new bomber program for 10 years would allow engineers to use more advanced technology to improve its design.
in 2013, it said the government should wait 10 years before building the plane.
stowell's staff thinks that even documents pertaining to lincoln's death and those written in the present will help people connect to who lincoln was in life.
they are also posting as many day-to-day events in lincoln's life as possible.
even documents about lincoln's death and those written in the present will help give people a better understanding of lincoln.
stowell believes that even documents about lincoln's death will give people a better understanding of the man who was assassinated 150 years ago this april.
in 2013, it said that if the government delayed the project for 10 years, more advanced technology could be developed to improve its design.
so far, they have posted about 100,000 documents online.
and they've posted about 100,000 legal documents from lincoln's law career online.
so far, they have posted online about 100,000 legal documents from lincoln's law career.
she and tori sisson of tuskegee had camped out in a blue and white tent and became the first in montgomery county to receive a marriage license.
she and tori sisson of tuskegee had camped out in a blue and white tent and became the first in the county to receive a license.
nascar wants to teach kids the science behind the racing.
albrecht said the college application process can be especially stressful for immigrant students.
the cars are lined up behind each other.
for young african-americans with four-year degrees, a new report found, the job search has been especially hard.
a new report found that for young african-americans with a four-year degree, the job search has been especially hard.
for many of them it is when they find out for the first time that they're illegal immigrants.
why can race cars lined up behind each other go faster than cars moving alone?
one question asks why do race cars in a drafting formation -- lined up behind each other -- go faster?
one example asks why can race cars lined up behind each other go faster than cars moving alone?
the odds of going to the emergency room for sledding injuries are five times higher in children who sled on the street instead of a park.
in addition, a study by a seattle hospital found that the chances of going to an emergency room for sledding injuries were five times higher in children who had been sledding on the street compared with a park.
however, such an approach takes longer and costs more.
children who sled-ride on the street are five times more likely to end up in an emergency room than children who go sledding in a park.
however, such an approach takes longer and costs more, and thus conflicts with wal-mart's drive to cut costs.
most of the men in the profession are ethnic sherpa people who live in the himalayan highlands, an area at the bottom of mount everest.
children who sled on the street are five times more likely to be hurt than children who sled in a park.
but such audits take longer and cost more.
these are welcome challenges for marks and others in california's theme park business.
these are welcome challenges for marks and others in southern california's theme park business.
auditors, she said, rarely cost more than $ 1,400.
on march 9, 1844, he paid 25 cents.
all of the people were sherpas, the local men who are paid to help tourists climb the mountain.
all 16 who died were sherpas, the catch-all term for local mountain guides, porters and camp staff.
when jimmy carter was about to build his library in the 1980s, people fought about it too.
when carter was about to build his presidential library in the 1980s, a controversy developed over a plan to build a roadway through olmsted linear park in atlanta.
when carter was about to build his presidential library in the 1980s, he found conflict too.
doing things that way takes longer and costs more money.
the trade is dominated by the sherpa people who live in the himalayan highlands.
some chinese developers don't understand the high cost of building and regularly renovating a theme park, american designers say.
inspections, she said, rarely cost more than $ 1,400.
some chinese developers do not understand how expensive it is to build a theme park, american designers say.
it rarely costs more than $ 1,400 to inspect a farm carefully, miggins said.
the lava moves in fits and starts, advancing for a few days, then stalling for weeks.
the profession is dominated by the ethnic sherpa people who live in the himalayan highlands, at the bottom of mount everest.
'' employers give in to their racial bias and they are more likely to offer a job to a white candidate than a black candidate, '' schmitt said.
in 2010, a group of chimpanzees were transferred from the netherlands to join a group of chimps at scotland's edinburgh zoo.
the nascar acceleration nation program focuses on the three d's of speed -- downforce, drafting and drag.
sherpas are local men who are paid to help tourists climb the mountain.
but many projects in the pipeline will never happen because some chinese developers don't understand the high cost of building and regularly renovating a theme park, u.s. designers say.
the nascar acceleration nation project focuses on the laws of motion, or what it calls the three d's of speed -- downforce, drafting and drag.
the lava moves forward for a few days, then stays put for weeks.
the nascar acceleration nation program focuses on the three d's of speed -- downforce, drafting and drag -- and includes instructional materials for teachers.
when a group of captive chimpanzees were transferred from the netherlands to scotland's edinburgh zoo in 2010, they used different grunts to refer to apples.
on march 9, 1844, he paid 25 cents for a pair of woolen mittens.
the lava flow moves in fits and starts, moving for a few days, then pausing for weeks.
for example, on march 9, 1844, abraham lincoln paid 25 cents for mittens.
all of the victims were sherpas, the term for local mountain guides, porters and camp staff.
it calls them the three d's of speed -- downforce, drafting and drag.
officials think the log cabin was there when henson lived on the farm from 1795 to 1825.
in 2010, a group of chimpanzees were moved from the netherlands to a zoo in scotland.
'' by the way, i'm avarry, '' she said to alexander, just as lunch was wrapping up.
officials thought that the log cabin was there when henson lived on the plantation, from 1795 to 1825, when he was sent to kentucky.
'' by the way, i'm avarry, '' she said, just as lunch was wrapping up.
all 16 who died were sherpas, the catch-all term for local mountain guides, porters and camp staff.
'' by the way, i'm avarry, '' she said to alexander.
'' by the way, i'm avarry, '' she said to alexander, just as lunch was coming to an end.
henson lived there from age 6, around 1795, until 1825, when his owner sent him to kentucky.
in 2010, a group of chimpanzees were moved from the netherlands to a zoo in scotland.
officials thought that the log cabin was there at the time henson lived and worked on the grounds, from 1795, when he was 6 years old, to 1825, when his owner sent him to kentucky.
on march 9, 1844, he paid 25 cents for a pair of woolen mittens.
the university of chicago wanted to build the library on 20 acres in either washington park or jackson park on the south side.
its plan was to build the obama library on 20 acres in either washington park or jackson park.
its plan to build the library on 20 acres in either washington park or jackson park on the south side made some people angry.
much of the nets'catch, called its bycatch, is thrown back dead.
much of the trawl's catch, its bycatch, is thrown back into the ocean dead.
for the first time in history, the countries of the world agreed to protect the high seas.
about 12 percent of the world's land is protected in national parks and wildlife preserves.
much of the fish and sea life caught up in the nets are thrown back dead.
for the first time in history, countries agreed that an international treaty is needed, says daniela diz.
'' for the first time in history, states recommended by consensus that an international treaty be negotiated to address the urgent crisis of biodiversity loss on the high seas, '' says daniela diz, a marine policy expert at wwf -lrb- world wildlife fund -rrb-.
'' for the first time in history, states recommended by consensus that an international treaty be negotiated to address the urgent crisis of biodiversity loss on the high seas, '' says daniela diz.
most of the catch, or bycatch, is thrown back dead.
in comparison, just about 1 percent of the high seas is protected.
even african-americans who studied science, technology, engineering and math have had a hard time finding work, said john schmitt.
he said it is not the lleytons of the world who are creating the demand for elite basketball at a younger and younger age.
even blacks who have studied science, technology, engineering and math had a hard time finding work, said john schmitt.
'' we have direct orders from the state supreme court here in alabama, and i'm going to adhere to it, '' he said.
women want better storage, nicer lighting and materials, and cars designed for their smaller body size, she said.
women want better storage, nicer lighting and materials, and cars designed for their smaller body size, she said.
even african-americans who study science, technology, engineering and math have had a hard time finding work, said john schmitt.
according to a new study, they are having a harder time than whites finding a job.
even african-americans who study science, technology, engineering and math have had a hard time finding work, said john schmitt.
they are also being paid less than white workers with the same experience.
they are more likely to be in a job that does not require a college degree.
but '' it's the parents that are driving it, '' he said.
'' -lrb- women -rrb- want better storage options, nicer interior lighting and materials, and ergonomics that better suit their smaller body size. ''
parris said the bomber could end up creating jobs throughout the area.
one of them read '' don't tread on my sled! ''
two middle-aged brothers slid down a hill holding signs.
'' there is something that connects each of their stories, a common thread that animates their lives, and that is their hunger for and belief in the power of education, '' he said.
lancaster mayor parris said the high-paying aerospace jobs could create many times that number in new positions throughout the antelope valley.
'' when you go down to these places, you basically see what they choose to show you, '' said devon zagory, a produce expert.
from his point of view, it would create jobs throughout the area, including at restaurants, stores and other companies.
'' when you go down to these places, you basically see what they choose to show you, '' said devon zagory.
parris said the bomber could create jobs throughout the area.
after this popping is over, the fluffy corn is twice as large and eight times less dense than the original kernel.
when all is said and done, the inverted kernel is twice as large and eight times less dense.
after it finally pops, the fluffy corn is double the size of the kernel.
after this popping process, the fluffy corn is twice as large as the original kernel.
in 1991, he watched the lava burn and destroy the house where he was born and raised.
he watched it in 1991 as it slowly devoured the house where he was born and raised.
he remembers being a 2 a.m. spectator as the molten water entered the house through the back, took down the water tank and set the building ablaze.
defense secretary chuck hagel said last month : '' i think the long-range strike bomber is absolutely essential to keep our deterrent edge. ''
'' i think the long-range strike bomber is absolutely essential to keep our deterrent edge, '' he said.
defense secretary chuck hagel said last month, '' i think the long-range strike bomber is absolutely essential to keep our deterrent edge. ''
he remembers watching at 2 o  clock in the morning as the lava flow entered the house through the back.
he watched the lava as it devoured the house where he was born and raised and where his father still lived when the lava made its gradual way to the coast.
he remembers watching at 2 o  clock in the morning as the molten water entered the house through the back, took down the water tank and set the modest structure ablaze.
'' the aim is to open the way to elective religious education, '' he said.
what schools are trying to do, he said, is open up religious education to students according to the wishes of the turkish people.
what they are trying to do is open up religious education.
there are dragons, eagles, butterflies and clever mechanical kites.
he watched it in 1991 as it devoured the house where he was born and raised and where his father still lived when the lava made its gradual way to the coast.
as a child he was sold to riley in 1795, a move that reunited him with his mother.
henson, who lived to age 93, was born in southern maryland, and as a child was sold to riley in 1795, which reunited him with his mother.
the house was once part of a plantation that was the home of josiah henson, a slave who escaped to canada in 1830 and wrote the story of his life.
the house was once part of a plantation and it was the home of josiah henson, a slave who escaped and wrote the story of his life.
the maryland site was once the home of josiah henson, a slave on what was then a 3,700-acre plantation who fled to canada in 1830.
the farm was the home of josiah henson, a slave who escaped and wrote the story of his life.
as a child, he was sold to riley in 1795, a move that reunited him with his mother.
the university had planned to move a pig farm to make way for the george h.w.bush presidential library.
the gospel, or religious, music of black churches spoke to a better life in heaven.
in mexico, as the only woman in engineering management, she has 55 people reporting to her.
chicago -- president barack obama is expected to choose the site for his library in less than two months.
but all of it is interesting, she said, and '' much of it is moving. ''
'' she would call me almost daily,  mom, i have nobody to eat with, and the girls don't want me to sit with them,''' talmus said.
in mexico, she is the only woman in engineering management.
it cost so much to make that the government built just 21 of the 132 planes it had ordered.
chicago -- president barack obama is expected to choose the site for his library in less than two months.
the contract was so far over budget that the pentagon eventually decided to build just 21 of the 132 planes it had originally planned.
the defense department eventually decided to build just 21 of the 132 planes it had originally planned.
'' you can take any part of the car and talk about how it was engineered and why it's designed the way it is to interact with the rest of the race car, '' he said.
she said her daughter would finish her lunch and call her from the restroom crying.
in rural college station, texas, residents fought texas a & amp ; m university over plans to move a pig farm to make way for the george h.w.bush presidential library.
soul, r & amp ; b and jazz speeded up the timetable so that the good life -- or at least an equal opportunity to live it -- could be experienced now.
but soul, r & amp ; b and jazz speeded up the timetable so that the good life -- or at least an equal opportunity to live it -- could be experienced now.
the gospel, or religious music of black churches spoke to a better life in heaven.
all of it is interesting, she said, and '' much of it is moving. ''
they included two who broke down barriers to attend school : charlayne hunter-gault, one of the first to desegregate the university of georgia, and carlotta walls lanier, the youngest member of the little rock nine, the group of black high school students barred from entering arkansas'racially segregated little rock central high school.
he was one of the first black students to go to the university of georgia.
hunter-gault was one of the first to desegregate the university of georgia.
during the 1960s, hunter-gault was one of the first black students to attend the previously whites-only university of georgia.
'' you can take any part of the car and talk about how it was engineered and why it's designed the way it is, '' he said.
chicago -- president barack obama is expected to choose the site for his library in less than two months.
northrop said they would build parts of the bomber in palmdale, creating about 1,500 jobs.
chicago isn't the only city where a fight has been waged over a park built by olmsted.
northrop said it would build most of the bomber parts in palmdale.
but this was not the first time that a presidential library was at the center of a land dispute.
but chicago isn't the only city where a fight has been waged over an olmsted park.
he refused to give up his 3-acre riverfront property in the middle of the proposed library site.
but it was not the first time that a presidential library was at the center of a land dispute.
but landowner gene pfeifer refused to give up his 3-acre riverfront property in the middle of the proposed library site.
in 2013 alone, chinese developers spent nearly $ 24 billion on theme park construction.
it was not the first time that a presidential library has been at the center of a battle over land.
in 2013 alone, chinese developers spent nearly $ 24 billion on building theme parks.
chicago -- president barack obama will start building a library in less than two months.
'' they buy the triangles -lrb- plastic kites -rrb- and fly them at the bridges, '' he said.
northrop executives have said they would build large parts of the company's proposed bomber in palmdale, he said.
in 2013 alone, chinese developers spent nearly $ 24 billion on theme park construction.
northrop said they would build parts of the bomber in palmdale.
in 2013 alone, chinese developers spent nearly $ 24 billion on theme park construction, according to a company in california.
in birmingham, police said about a dozen protesters stood outside the courthouse.
the three selma marches in 1965 aimed to draw attention to the struggle for black voting rights.
but soul, r & amp ; b and jazz speeded up the timetable so that the good life -- or at least an equal opportunity to live it -- could be experienced now.
soul, r & amp ; b and jazz speeded up the timetable so that the good life -- or at least an equal opportunity to live it -- could be experienced now.
however, other types of music -- soul, r & amp ; b and jazz -- said that the good life could be experienced now.
however, soul, r & amp ; b and jazz said that the good life could be experienced now.
the three selma marches in 1965 aimed to draw attention to the struggle for black voting rights and proved to be a turning point in the struggle, as police turned tear gas, dogs and clubs on the unarmed protesters, walking arm and arm across the edmund pettus bridge in selma, with a ferocity that shook even the occupants of the white house.
his own house was safe for the moment, but hauanio was resigned to the fact that it would be next to go.
his own house was safe for now, but hauanio knew that it would be next to go.
he wanted to build a roadway through olmsted linear park in atlanta.
in birmingham, police said '' a dozen or so '' protesters stood outside the courthouse, but they did not interfere with gay couples seeking licenses.
his own house was safe for the moment, but hauanio already knew that it would be the next house to be covered by the lava.
for him, it was over a decades-old plan to build a roadway through olmsted linear park in atlanta.
but hauanio knew that it would be next to go.
when carter was about to build his presidential library in the 1980s, a controversy developed over a plan to build a roadway through olmsted linear park in atlanta.
in birmingham, police said '' a dozen or so '' protesters stood outside the courthouse, but did not interfere with gay couples seeking licenses.
the census of marine life, a decadelong survey of the global oceans, estimated that 90 percent of large predatory fish, such as tuna, billfish and swordfish, have disappeared from the seas.
90 percent of some types of large fish, such as tuna and swordfish, have disappeared from the seas.
when sun meets a young person interested in chinese culture, he '' seizes on those moments, '' he said.
'' what's most interesting about this statistic is that more than half the women around the world are unhappy with the automotive products presented to them, '' says brandy schaffels.
when sun meets a young person interested in chinese culture, he '' seizes on those moments, '' he said.
the lack of female help may be why more than half the women around the world are unhappy with the automotive products presented to them, says brandy schaffels.
when sun meets a young person interested in chinese culture, he '' seizes on those moments, '' he said.
it found that nine out of 10 large predatory fishes, such as tuna, billfish and swordfish, have disappeared from the seas.
he was the youngest member of the little rock nine, a group of black high school students barred from entering arkansas'racially segregated little rock central high school.
he was the youngest member of the little rock nine, a group of black high school students barred from entering arkansas'little rock central high school, which at the time only admitted whites.
they included two who broke down barriers to attend school : charlayne hunter-gault, one of the first to desegregate the university of georgia, and carlotta walls lanier, the youngest member of the little rock nine, the group of black high school students barred from entering arkansas'racially segregated little rock central high school.
when his father's house was burned by the lava that night in 1991, 62-year-old hauanio, a former hawaii volcanoes national park employee, remembers watching in shock and amazement with his former wife.
during the 1950s, lanier was the youngest member of the little rock nine, a group of black high school students barred from entering arkansas'little rock central high school.
when the kernel is heated above 100 degrees celsius, the water inside turns to steam.
when the water inside the kernel hits its boiling point -lrb- above 100 degrees celsius -lrb- 212 degrees fahrenheit -rrb- -rrb-, it turns to steam.
when the kernel gets very hot -lrb- above 100 degrees celsius -lrb- 212 degrees fahrenheit -rrb- -rrb-, the water inside hits its boiling point and turns to steam.
'' it would be so great, '' he said, '' to see it all come back. ''
when his father's house was burned by the lava that night in 1991, 62-year-old hauanio, a former hawaii volcanoes national park employee, remembers watching in stunned amazement with his former wife.
when his father's house was burned by the lava that night in 1991, hauanio, 62, a former hawaii volcanoes national park employee, remembers watching in stunned amazement with his former wife.
when the kernel gets very hot, the water inside turns to steam.
the rest of the time, he volunteers as a youth leader at his church and searches for work.
but he signed up his son, easton, to play on edina's team.
they could not afford to pay their son's roughly $ 10,000 cost for classes at the university of texas at austin.
though breyfogle was reluctant, he signed up his son, easton, to play on edina's team.
they could not afford to pay their son's $ 10,000 tuition at the university of texas at austin.
but he was reluctant at first to sign up his son, easton, to play on edina's team.
when he was older, they could not afford to pay $ 10,000 for him to study at the university of texas at austin.
still, he was unsure at first about signing up his son, easton, to play on edina's team.
they could not afford to pay their son's $ 10,000 tuition at the university of texas at austin, so manuel earned extra money as a server in restaurants, coloring hair at a spa, translating spanish, working in a rock quarry and building fences at a ranch.
he has been arguing for decades that texas and other states must do a better job of educating minorities, especially hispanics, or employers will go overseas to find skilled workers.
they also are more likely to be in a job that does not require a college degree.
however, in texas and 24 other states, whites are at least twice as likely as hispanics to have college degrees.
they are more likely to be in a job that does not require a college degree.
they are more likely to work in a job where their college degree is not needed.
murdock has been arguing for years that texas and other states must do a better job of educating minorities, especially hispanics.
they are also being paid less than white workers with the same experience.
winfield's success at colby-sawyer is part of the reason he can't understand why he can't find a job.
winfield's success at colby-sawyer is part of the reason he can't understand why he can't find a job.
winfield's success in college is part of the reason he can not understand why he is having trouble finding a job.
winfield's success in college is part of the reason he can't understand why he can't find a job.
he has been arguing for years that texas and other states must do a better job of educating minorities, especially hispanics.
hauanio said that before the volcano erupted, this beach town on the east end of hawaii's big island was one of the most beautiful places on the island.
hauanio remembers his green, pre-volcano beach town on the east end of the island of hawaii as '' just one of the beautifulest places on the island.
hauaino remembers his verdant beach town on the east end of the island of hawaii as '' just one of the beautifulest places on the island.
hauaino remembers his green, pre-volcano beach town on the east end of the island of hawaii.
major fishing nations, such as japan and south korea, would lose hundreds of millions of dollars each year.
she tells girls '' that if you are good at math and interested in how things work, then engineering is a great field. ''
i tell them that if you are good at math and interested in how things work, then engineering is a great field.
his grandfather taught him the old ways of beijing, including beijing opera.
but she quickly added, '' the end all is to keep him out of trouble, -lrb- keep -rrb- him healthy -- maybe get a scholarship in the end. ''
but she quickly added : '' the end all is to keep him out of trouble, -lrb- keep -rrb- him healthy -- maybe get a scholarship in the end. ''
she quickly added that '' the end all is to keep him out of trouble, -lrb- keep -rrb- him healthy -- maybe get a scholarship in the end. ''
'' being rejected by the professional world has pushed me to go harder working at my high school and my church, '' he said.
